Choose a Droplet Plan

Basic
Shared CPU

General Purpose
Dedicated CPU

CPU-Optimized
Dedicated CPU

Memory-Optimized
Dedicated CPU

Storage-Optimized
Dedicated CPU


CPU Options

Regular
Disk Type: SSD

Premium AMD
Disk Type: NVMe SSD

Premium Intel
Disk Type: NVMe SSD

Select a Plan

$4.00/mo
1 vCPU - 512 MB RAM - 10 GB SSD - 500 GB Transfer

$6.00/mo
1 vCPU - 1 GB RAM - 25 GB SSD - 1000 GB Transfer

$12.00/mo
1 vCPU - 2 GB RAM - 50 GB SSD - 2 TB Transfer

$18.00/mo
2 vCPU - 2 GB RAM - 60 GB SSD - 3 TB Transfer
Show all plans
Volumes Block Storage


Add additional storage
Volumes are NVMe network block storage. You can use them to move between Droplets and GPU Droplets by detaching and attaching at any time.
Backups


Enable automated backups
Restore your Droplet quickly if it fails. Configure backup frequency and retention. With usage-based pricing, pay only for the backup’s restorable file size.
Authentication

SSH Keys

Password
Add an SSH Key for authentication
An SSH key pair is a more secure way to connect to your Droplet
Create an SSH key for secure, password-free access
We'll walk you through it. It's painless, we promise!

Add an SSH Key
Networking
Public IP addresses are optional. A private IPv4 address is always assigned for secure internal traffic within the same VPC.

Public IPv4 address
Allows your Droplet to send and receive traffic from the public internet. Disable to restrict this Droplet to your VPC.

Public IPv6 address
Built-in authentication and privacy support, and makes it difficult for hackers to launch scanning attacks.

Monitoring

Improved Metrics and monitoring (Free)
This will install our DigitalOcean Metrics Agent  to collect and graph expanded system-level metrics, track performance, and set up alerts instantly within the control panel.
Additional Options

Startup scripts (Free)
Add scripts to run on initial Droplet boot up - great for repetitive or initialization tasks.
Quantity
Deploy multiple Droplets with the same configuration.


1
1

Give your Droplet a name
Can only contain alphanumeric characters, dashes, and periods.

marketplace-s-1vcpu-1gb-nyc1
